hello everyone and welcome to another
episode of Travis talks this is the
first episode that I am doing on my
personal youtube channel at least in
awhile for those of you that don't know
this actually got started over at
GameSpot and then I brought it to Yahoo
and basically a show where I discuss my
opinions on something that has happened
recently in eSports or something that's
been on my mind and in this episode I
want to talk about CLG and MSG and MSG
acquiring the controlling stake in a
counter logic gaming and again for those
that don't know MSG is Madison Square
Garden company now this is a perhaps a
very very exciting time for acquisitions
and all that stuff knowing that we have
the LCS RFP or request for Proposal the
franchising thing that's happening next
year and so you're seeing all these
teams partner up with either traditional
sports groups or investment groups or
whatever you also have of course the
overwatch league that is occurring
around the same time though it doesn't
seem like this is part of that at all
before we get into any of this I would
like to congratulate hotshot GG on a
exciting moment for him as well for
those of you that don't know CLG one of
the first if not the first eSports team
in the League of Legends eSports scene
started probably about seven years ago
and this was a company that hotshot just
made on his own a little bit support
here and there but mostly pouring a lot
of energy into it especially in the
early days and I have seen this guy
spend money and time running and working
in this whole thing at times has been
able to hand it off to other people as
well but certainly deserves credit for
being one of the first people to realize
the value in League of Legends eSports
and really spending whatever it took I
think to make sure that the things to
sit around and by the way there were a
lot of ups and downs they almost got
relegated so it's finally time for this
guy to get rewarded I am fairly certain
that with msg again acquiring a
controlling stake which is very
different than a lot of the other
partnerships and you know situations
that occur out there with eSports teams
that hotshot has probably set himself up
pretty comfortably for
time being and so it's always exciting
to see a guy who you know went from
startup to successful company sell
something and really get rewarded for it
I think hotshot deserves it so
congratulations to him now what does
this mean for CLG fans or LCS fans
across the board well one of the first
things that you should know is that
Madison Square Garden is a publicly
traded company and has not just
traditional sports teams underneath them
but traditional well sorry entertainment
venues for instance they have the
Madison Square Garden of course but also
the historic Boston theater that you saw
worlds I said Boston theater sorry the
Chicago theater that you saw worlds take
place in a year ago so right already has
an existing relationship with these guys
just because of these use their venues
multiple times and it's a company that
has a great deal of business expertise
on how to run things both on the sports
side and the entertainment side and so
while I do believe that hotshot and his
staff will continue to help make sure
that everything runs well on the eSports
side I think this is the type of company
that can really turn sale G into a
successful business and guess what that
is great news for their LCS chances next
year I cannot imagine a world where L
SIA or where t LG did not make it in to
LCS coming next year with the whole
permanent partnership stuff so I would
say early congratulations to those guys
and I know a lot of people were probably
like oh come on they were always going
to accept sale G and how could you not
accept cogn well we don't really know
what the nature of the CLG finances were
for instance they might not have had the
10 million to get into the LCS in the
first place which is what you have to
pay to get in and I I don't know a lot
of people don't really understand the
finances right now for a sports teams
most of them are losing money and I
can't imagine that CLG was making Bank
they have sponsors but they don't have
huge huge sponsors or too many
non-endemic sponsors so that this I
think will allow riot to feel pretty
comfortable bringing CLG into the league
and I think this also will help CLG just
retain stability in the future but also
grow as I said these guys are
professionals I think that they will be
able to leverage existing relationships
with sponsors and companies really big
sponsors by the way
to make sure that CLG is safe for the
future and not only that but they also
have all these cool venues so I could
really see the company leveraging you
know the existing resources that they
have already to put on cool events you
know imagine if instead of having to
meet CLG in a mall or something for a
family you meet them at one of these
awesome venues you know in a day where
there's not a sporting event or an
entertainment events happening already
so that's really cool and I also think
that this is very different than the
other well most of the other
announcements that you've seen with
companies or investment groups taking a
stake in an eSports team because it is a
controlling interest and from what I've
heard there's probably going to be a
great deal of interaction between the
two companies so I think really good
news they're excited for the future on
all the stuff and I again I just
congratulations hotshot a huge news for
all the different fans and I think one
of the most exciting announcements that
we've seen in this vein to date so hope
you enjoyed watching you can check out
the rest of my coverage here on this
YouTube channel please subscribe
by the way adblock rates are tremendous
and I don't really make very much money
doing all this stuff right now while I'm
figuring out what's next I'll probably
do a video soon on why I might not
remain independent because I think a lot
of people don't understand the really
the need in the same way that they don't
understand the finances and the cost for
a lot of traditional sports teams I
think our eSports teams I don't think
that people have an idea of how this
stuff works so you can support me over
at Travis CARICOM slash support there's
a link in the description and stuff that
pops up on the screen here and looking
into some options by the way and for
people that can't necessarily aren't
interested in supporting financially
maybe some other links or things that
you can do to help out so anyway thanks
for watching hope you enjoyed it like